# 2020-11-12 Meeting Notes

Attendees:

 -  Alexandre Garcia de Oliveira
 -  Emily Pillmore
 -  George Wilson
 -  Jasper Van der Jeugt
 -  Tikhon Jelvis

## Call for Nominations

 -  Do we have clearer prerequisites?
    [PR #42](https://github.com/haskell-infra/www.haskell.org/pull/42) on the
    website adds some details.
 -  We usually attract people we know.  We need to try to encourage wider
    participation, to get people we don't know on the committee as well.
 -  We should post this more widely and more often on social media.
 -  **ACTION ITEM**: We should come up with a list of places where we post
    announcements.  Emily to provide list and Jasper to dump it in the repo.
 -  Possible confusion between Haskell.org & foundation call for
    nominations?  Let's make that clear.
 -  Someone to draft the call?  **ACTION ITEM**: Jasper to do a first draft,
    others to review.

## Transparency

 -  Proposal process: needs votes.  **ACTION ITEM**: still needs votes from 5
    people.

## Haskell Website Deployment

 -  George needs Gershom to add our SSH keys to the server.
 -  Can we make it deploy on merged PRs?  Possibly but not sure who has the
    time to look into this.
 -  Can use a lot of usability improvements: downloads page in particular.
 -  Rust community has a book that's maintained by the community.

## Haskell Foundation

 -  Launched, currently in an interim period since there's no board yet.
