# 2020-09-08 Meeting Notes

Attendees:

 -  Alexandre Garcia de Oliveira
 -  Emily Pillmore
 -  George Wilson
 -  Jasper Van der Jeugt
 -  Rebecca Skinner
 -  Tikhon Jelvis

## Transparency

 -  The Haskell.Org committee should adopt the Guidelines for Respectful
    Communication

     *  Board members
     *  Community
         -  Any new mailing list
         -  GitHub
         -  Discourse instance

 -  Website https://www.haskell.org/haskell-org-committee/

     *  Must make clear what requirements for new members are
         -  Deep technical knowledge is _not_ required, but candidates must be
            familiar with Haskell and its core values (typed, immutable...)
         -  Some availability to partake in meetings and help out
         -  18 years old
     *  Must make clear that we seek a diverse group to represent different
        facets of the community
         -  Industry, research and education
         -  Diverse in terms of gender, race and location
         -  Represent different projects and tools
     *  How can members be removed?
         -  Establish process
     *  We must ensure that we specify a period for new nominations
        (usually December?)
     *  Link this page from /community?

 -  Migrate to using community@haskell.org for public discussions.  Discussions
    should be public by default, with exemptions for:

     *  Confidential financial information
     *  Security related information

    Voting for these proposals will also happen on this mailing list.  The
    goal should be unanimity for less important decisions a majority suffices.

    This includes the vote for new board members, since is this obviously an
    extremely import decision.

    Meeting notes should also be posted to this mailing list.

 -  Create a new repository, haskell-org/committee to store past resolutions.

## Haskell Wiki

 -  What are the next steps?
 -  We would like to vote on slowly migrating to read-only.
 -  Figure out what to keep and what not to keep.
 -  We need to have a _very concrete_ proposal.  It should include dates on
    when we want to sunset things.
 -  Let's work the wording out in a haskell-org/ repository.

## New nominations

 -  Channels: mailing lists, twitter, reddit, discourse, haskell weekly news
 -  Let's put out the call for nominations on November 11.
 -  We can keep the call open for 6 weeks and make sure we have a decision on
    new members by January 1.
 -  We have three members with expiring terms.
 -  Let's fix the website first and then write the call based on that.
 -  Add a note that people can just ask us if they have questions and/or wonder
    if they are suited for this.

## Misc. action items

 -  We should have a list of channels to make sending out things more effective.
 -  Should we advertise this on the #haskell IRC as well?
 -  Collect instructions for deploying the Haskell.org website
