# Haskell.Org Monthly Call on 2021-11-19 Fri

Attendees:

 -  Ida Bzowska
 -  Jasper Van der Jeugt
 -  Rebecca Skinner
 -  Ryan Trinkle
 -  Tom Ellis

## Discussion

- Should we cancel the December meeting?
  - No; it's scheduled for the 17th- not a holiday, and we can cancel
    if we don't have anything

- Terms for people- who's terms ends when;
  website is correct, we have three terms ending, then one term ending
  - Tom is ending his term
  - Next year: Alex, Rebecca, Jasper

- Community outreach for HF; would like to have access to paypal
  account so they can analyze who is contributing to HF.
  - No permission for txns; no banking information
  - Would be able to see who is contributing to us
  - Payments that we are making for the work funded by davean

- HF funding should be independent soon
  - We might need to have people move over their donations manually
  - In the mean time we'll need to periodically send them any funds
    that have still been sent to haskell.org earmarked for HF

- Call for nominations: We'll proofread this week, and send it out
  next week. Voting in January.

- Google SOC is now allowing people who aren't students
