# 2021-02-10 Meeting Notes

Attendees:

 -  Alexandre Garcia de Oliveira
 -  George Wilson
 -  Ida Bzowska
 -  Jasper Van der Jeugt
 -  Rebecca Skinner
 -  Tikhon Jelvis

## Plans for 2021

 -  Should we use discourse to plan our goals for 2021 in a transparent way?
     *  This is great but how granular will we be?
     *  Should we start with a draft of some high-level ideas?
     *  No need for hands-on issues like "can you give me your public key"
     *  Rebecca: But it's good to notice even these smaller issues since it
        may attract volunteers
     *  Tikhon: We should make our intentions clear but we need to make sure
        there's not too much noise
     *  Conclusion: let's get a draft together first and post that on Discourse

 -  Discussing some TODOs for 2021:
     *  GSoC
     *  Working together with Haskell Foundation
     *  Revive twitter account (Ida volunteered)
     *  Infrastructure
         -  Improve internal infrastructure organization; who has access to
            what; how to make changes
         -  Minor improvements to website
         -  Can we use a GSoC project to improve our infrastructure?  Yes, but
            the goal and scope of the project would need to be fairly
            well-defined.
         -  First we should figure out what we have before we can really improve
            things so this should be our first goal
     *  Package maintainership
         -  hackage-security is looking for maintainers.  Is this something we
            should help with?
         -  This probably falls into the general infrastructure reorg
     *  Can we set up a newsletter for people who donated?

## Miscellaneous

 -  We need to vote on the proposal for website PRs
