# haskell-committee meeting on 2021-09-08

Attendees:

 -  Ida Bzowska
 -  Jasper Van der Jeugt
 -  Rebecca Skinner
 -  Tikhon Jelvis
 -  Tom Ellis

## GSoC

GSoC was very successfull.  All student projects succeeded, which is the first
time this happened!

A reason for this may be that the projects are smaller in scope (effectively
half time compared to full time earlier years).

TODO(Jasper): Send out a call for short summaries to students, so we can put
together a blogpost.

## Call for Nominations

Call for nominations need to be sent out, nominations are due end of October
though traditionally we've done this later.

 *  We should make it clear, once more, that you don't need to be an
    experienced Haskeller to join.

 *  It would be nice to each put in a paragraph on what we did the last
    year.  This could also help for the year end report.

TODO(Jasper): Put together a draft.
TODO(Rebecca): Collect paragraphs from everyone on the committee.

The term ends on the website <https://www.haskell.org/haskell-org-committee/>
look incorrect, Jasper's term is due to end this year together with Emily?

TODO(Jasper): Go through the term ends, previous votes and make sure everything
matches up with when people joined the committee.

## What else can the committee do?

It may make sense to add more members to the committee if we want to do more
things.  Counterpoint: we can also solicit volunteers.

Should we post thread on discourse to ask for ideas?

See tweet by Garbiel, nice if community has a clear way to get involved:

    <https://twitter.com/GabriellaG439/status/1435423205418684422>

Quick thoughts:

 *  Clearly there are people willing to help but it's not very organized.
 *  Should we collaborate with HF, e.g. redirect people to
    the HF Docs Task Force so they can smoothly "onboard"?
 *  Come up with a list of things that are good ideas?  Is there low hanging
    fruit?
 *  Can we post these somewhere and ask for volunteers?

## Website improvements

Decoupling: currently people just post PRs.  We may need to try and decouple:

 *  What do people want to improve?
 *  What do people want to help on?

Some things we want to do:

 *  Rotate videos so you get random ones?
 *  Make documentation page less of a dump of links.

We need to define a better audience for the website.  This is tricky because
it has two goals:

1.  Landing page for newbies?
2.  Official source of information

TODO(Rebecca): Kickstart dicussion about website

### Analytics

Do we need analytics?  It would be useful to guide improvements, although
making big improvements can't really be done on analytics alone.

It turns out Google Analytics is enabled!  But who has access?

TODO(Jasper): Contact Ryan/Gershom about GA access?

### PR: Adding a getting started tutorial describing the core GHC tools

<https://github.com/haskell-infra/www.haskell.org/pull/88/files>

This is nicely put together and it would be good to have somewhere people
can go after downloading Haskell.  The problem is a bit that lacks a bit
of an audience?  Who exactly is this for, should it be a reference or a
tutorial?
