# Haskell.org Monthly Call on 2022-01-21

Attendees:

 -  Alexandre Garcia de Oliveira
 -  Ida Bzowska
 -  Jasper Van der Jeugt
 -  Rebecca Skinner
 -  Tom Ellis

## Agenda:

 -  Announce results of election
 -  Repo maintenance, official policy?
 -  Closing old issues policy
 -  Any goals for 2022?
 -  GSOC 2022
 -  Get volunteers to help w/website

## Discussion

 -  Announce results of election
     *  Update website (done)
     *  Twitter (Ida)
     *  Discourse (Ida)
     *  Mailing list cafe/weekly (Ida)
     *  Reddit (Ida)

 -  GSOC
     *  Jasper, happy to run point on it
     *  We need to apply in feb, want to have a list of ideas
     *  We need someone else to help out, so possibly someone can take over next
        year
     *  Maybe we should reach out to collaborate with HF on ideas for projects

 -  Housekeeping of Repos
     *  Do we have policies that cover things like this?
     *  Clean up policies
     *  Add all of the committee
     *  Gershom and Davean should have access
     *  Consider permissions
     *  Enforce security policies (2fa)
     *  By default haskell.org commitee or infra repo

 -  Getting volunteers
     *  Who gets maintainership
     *  Who can curate issues
     *  Give people an opportunity to be a trusted member
     *  Make it clear that this will help get things reviewed/merged will be
        motivating

 -  Goals for 2022?
     *  More haskell.org commitee sending out news & things that are happening
     *  Haskell Weekly is well run, so maybe we could collaborate more
     *  Announce more publicly what we're doing, e.g. monthly
     *  Security scanning on the repos
     *  Translations into other languages? Good idea but we need people
        who can maintain the translations.
     *  Should we work toward making haskell.org more accessible?
